Update Resource Documentation to Include NSX-T Version Information (#1804)
vmware/terraform-provider-nsxt: docs/resources/vpc_nat_rule.md

This resource provides a method for the management of a VPC NAT Rule.

> This resource is applicable to NSX Policy Managerand is supported with NSX 9.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource is applicable to NSX Policy Manager and is supported with NSX 9.0.0 onwards.
```
